Hgt ltsbuba pm dumt uy hgt lpyh wqpmpxbr sbr tdxyuct lvyhtqv pm hgtl sdd, xbobpib hp tctb hgt aqtshtyh lubry. Yxqtdv sbvpbt igp htddy vpx hgtv gsct hgt sbyitq uy npouba, lsr pq yulwdv luyhsotb. Hgtqt sqt lsbv hgubay hgsh lsot dumt ipqhg gpdruba pb hp sbr yscpxquba. Exh dumt uy xbwqtrukhsedt sbr it sqt pmhtb lvyhtquty tctb hp pxqytdcty. It hgubo yxkktyy, gswwubtyy, gtdwuba phgtqy, pq yxqwsyyuba pxqytdcty iudd lsot dumt ipqhg ducuba, exh it ksb sdisvy et iqpba pq mqxyhqshtr ev tctbhy. Hguy uy s qsbrpl wgqsyt. Wgudpypwgtqy gsct s dph hp ysv sepxh hgt csdxt pm sdd hgtyt hgubay, sbr s duhhdt dtyy hp ysv sepxh pbt pm hgt lpyh csdxsedt hgubay pm sdd: dpct. Yp it ksb et kdtsq tbpxag sepxh igsh uh ltsby mpq dumt hp gsct ltsbuba sbr csdxt, exh igtb it wxh rpib pxq wgudpypwgv eppoy sbr skhxsddv ath pb iuhg ducuba, ltsbuba sbr csdxt ksb et tdxyuct. Ducuba itdd uy lpqt sqh hgsb ykutbkt pq wgudpypwgv. Hgtqtmpqt,  hgt pbdv ytbyt it ksb lsot pm hgt urts hgsh dumt gsy ltsbuba uy hgsh hgtqt sqt yplt qtsypby hp duct qshgtq hgsb hp rut, sbr hgpyt qtsypby sqt hp et mpxbr ub hgt ducuba pm dumt uhytdm.

simonsingh.net

The meaning of life is the most profound and elusive mystery of them all, unknown to even the greatest minds. Surely anyone who tells you they have the answer is joking, mad or simply mistaken. There are many things that make life worth holding on to and savouring. But life is unpredictable and we are often mysteries even to ourselves. We think success, happiness, helping others, or surpassing ourselves will make life worth living, but we can always be wrong or frustrated by events. This is a random phrase. Philosophers have a lot to say about the value of all these things, and a little less to say about one of the most valuable things of all: love. So we can be clear enough about what it means for life to have meaning and value, but when we put down our philosophy books and actually get on with living, meaning and value can be elusive. Living well is more art than science or philosophy. Therefore,  the only sense we can make of the idea that life has meaning is that there are some reasons to live rather than to die, and those reasons are to be found in the living of life itself.

Plain		Sub
A 			S
B 			E
C 			K
D 			R
E 			T
F 			M
G 			A
H 			G
I 			U
J 			N
K 			O
L 			D
M 			L
N 			B
O 			P
P 			W
Q 			-
R 			Q
S 			Y
T 			H
U 			X
V 			C
W 			I
X 			-
Y 			V
Z 			-